Update set-dhcpserverauditlog.md (#1004)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/windows/dhcpserver/set-dhcpserverauditlog.md

```

### -MaxMBFileSize

> Specifies the maximum size on disk available for all DHCP service audit log files, in megabytes (MB).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the maximum disk space available for all DHCP service audit log files, in megabytes (MB).
```
